hey everybody how you doing this Jamie
Glaser with Galvin guitars sitting here
with my new signature model JG 2.0
I love this guitar and because it's
actually changed my life you could
probably see a bunch of guitars of them
on the back wall here I've got around
1920 guitars and it used to be that I go
in the studio and have to have them all
lined up you know and take the
Stratocaster and play the rhythm part
and take the Les Paul and do this and
like and I don't really have to do that
anymore sometimes I love those guitars
of course but William Galvin and Kelly
Rashad built this special guitar for me
that has every sound I could want right
in one guitar and what I'm going to just
show you is a little recording
techniques for guitar what we call
layering and simple blues just to show
you some of the things you can do with a
guitar that can handle a lot of sounds
all the sounds actually so we're going
to this first pass here I'm going to
just put down a little solo first a lot
of times I put down the rhythm parts
first but this time I'm going to put a
solo down first so that my rhythm parts
can kind of support and back up the
guitar solo alright so here we go
okay everybody and this time I'm gonna
put down kind of a straight kind of rock
and roll pop kind of backing behind the
solo let's see how this works out there
we go
okay so you're getting the idea that
with different sounds it'll mean that
that original solo net has some support
now of course a lot of times we leave a
lot of air meaning we don't layer a
guitar on guitar and guitar are lots of
pads on the synth but in the case like
this if it's kind of Popish I would
layer a lot of guitars and actually
using digital we tend to layer guitars a
lot more than we used to with analog
it's it's fatter so anyway we're gonna
try now a clean guitar part behind all
this kind of car is clean see if I can
get that up here but by the way I'm
using that I'm not using an amp today
I'm using a digital art p1000 just for
the ease of making video that's pretty
cool let's put let's fill of course like
that okay so you can see now the same
guitar
these are the VIP pick up so just
amazing
mrs. Phyllis hello
that was the this control stitch the
bridge pickup
okay so we're gonna put a little pad
part on here so you have that can add to
this and you can see a little bit about
how we do this in the studio okay here
we go
well I hope you enjoyed this little
demonstration of how we layer guitar
parts these are just quickie demos so
didn't want to get too far into it but
hopefully you got inspired please come
by Galvin guitars calm and say hello and
check out all the amazing instruments
that are there see you soon for Galvin
guitars this is JB Glaser have a good
one
you